      All of the cleaning codes came primarily from Copilot's suggestions, I used comments to make it create functions I needed to clean the raw data . I told Copilot what to write using clear comments before the code. For example, I wrote, "This code will convert key columns to the correct numeric types ( price to float, quantity to int)" and "This is because these columns will be used in calculations later on, and need to be in the correct format". And these simple instructions led Copilot to write the full function immediately. I also used partial code, starting to write a function and letting it do the rest.
      I did make a few changed to the code created, to make it safer and easier to understand. I changed the names, to match what I initially was looking for, and also created copies of the data, to avoid accidentally modifying the original raw data. I actually believe this is something to keep in mind when using Copilot, the fact that it seems to prioritize speed and sometimes doesn't think about these small things that can be really important.
      I believe the Copilot's strength is that it  makes coding much easier and faster, but also has limitations because it can't read your mind, so if you don't specify exactly  what you want , it might create a function that works, but isn't perfect for your project, doesn't use strategies you wanted, and doesn't ensure your data is safe for example.  
      One example of a thing it did that helped a lot, was when I was done adding two extra functions and when I ran the code, it was resulting in an error. I clicked on different lines of my code to figure out the problem and it suggested a few lines at the bottom(inside the last function), that were missing, because I had forgotten to add them there. 
      This assignment helped me learn so much more about how to use VS code and how to use it's tools to generate code much more efficiently. I struggled a lot in the begining, with problems loading pandas and installing the Copilot tool, but when I eventually figured it out, it was very helpful.     

